Now I'm worried if I'm very
worried because I know it's a time it
is reading the book of 50 shadows and
well I was at the beginning because
I do not read, I do not like it, but when I
I saw that a movie was going to come out of
book and I said nothing this book should be
moving web google and I personally
I was excited so I read the book and in
how much does it mean that I read it
I really want to say that then in
wikipedia but I always very
excited very humble very hot
between wikipedia and the first thing I read
it's sex and I said for my own lie
the issue is that I keep reading and the thing
it was getting worse I'm putting
better depending on your tastes of acosta
that my face as I was reading was
common
the hardcore web book or I had
I read the book that at 50 shades of sacha
and I did not have that much sexual practice
work with compared to the book of
the 50 shades of game would really be
I could not sleep
a lie the thing is that I am very
curious but always humble always
respectful simple hot I followed
looking for more things about this book so
peculiar peculiar psoe but and when that
the thing was getting worse
first we must understand the context
of the book in which we have two
protagonists one called cristian gray
who is a young billionaire addicted to
the dildos and another is a young
university called fan to this demand
summarizing the story one assumes that
young to stay have only one
interview of this young gray but
when she sees it for the first time is that
gives therefore one writes nothing then
the interview does not go well
the axes of the book the thing that arrives a
moment in which our young
Anastasia wakes up magically in the
department of cristian green and with its
addiction to sex toys
he says then he is going to have sex
sexual with you and you will see here all
acceptable because this guy I do not know
and the title says they want in relation
between them but what comes next
it really did not let me sleep because it's going to
have sex with you but
first signed this contract
the young man has to sign a contract
so you can stay here
we enter a deep level disorder
mental but we have to understand
that this serious guy is a young tycoon
of business that obviously has to
have contracts everywhere but
take contracts to sex and know that
the guy is a professional but
women you do not find a little
kill that because you believe me
I know and good by following the story
they then come out to turn me around in a
helicopter to something else because they do not stop
have your women watch this movie and
unless they go to the cinema truth the two
together because that time has to
Silver and you can only buy our
of cinema and more above notes that about
the losses that she took to walk in
helicopter and you already take it back to
the square in your car 200 papers a day
that is if you are everything to see the
movie to the cinema she will be all the
time with a face of injustice and you with
one side of your videos but following
with the story cristian gray in the
helicopter passed him a contract
Confidentiality imagine how it continued
if they actually asked for a contract to
everything for this city brings a coffee but
first sign this to the stay prepare
mind breakfast but first sign this
come up if it's let me get rid of all look
sadomasochistic caused
more childish about your defenseless body
but first you signed contract
honestly do not keep reading anything else
because I did not like it but that's my
personal opinion and you know that there is only
Two ways of receiving an opinion
first is to accept and practice it and
another is to send the chucha
can you leave me in the comments that
they found the book like the movie
that you can also follow this channel
on facebook the links are below and
if you want you can also subscribe or
if you are a woman and you do not like my video
let me your sandy comment you finish but
first we went against
yes
I dont know
character and not also